Add osu!trivium Quiz 2021 announcement newspost (#6347)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2021-11-10-osu!trivium-quiz-2021.md

| ![Bronze crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | Profile badge and 8 months of supporter to distribute freely |

## FAQ

Below are answers to some questions we anticipate from the participants. If your question is not answered here, please feel free to ask me on the Discord Server linked above. 

### This quiz seems impossible! Where do I even begin?

This quiz is intended to be incredibly difficult. Last year's winning team only managed to score 84 points out of a maximum of 150. That being said, a good place to start would be to rewatch the VODs from the previous instalment of the quiz (these can be found on the forum or quiz document).

### Is there any question that requires knowledge from participating in the previous year's quiz?

No. There will be no advantage gained (other than experience) from participating in previous events - we aim to have a level playing field.

### Why am I not allowed to ask peppy for answers?

peppy is incredibly busy and unless you want osu!lazer to replace stable by 2037, it would be best to not flood his inbox with questions that he doesn't even know the answers to. 

> Fun fact: peppy ended up scripting a response to everyone who emailed him during last year's osu!trivium quiz.

Author: Actually it was a scripted response, not a automatic script.

> Fun fact: peppy ended up scripting a response to everyone who emailed him during last year's osu!trivium quiz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fun fact: peppy ended up writing a scripted response to everyone who emailed him during last year's osu!trivium quiz.
```

### When will the answers be released?

> Once all the submissions have been evaluated, the answers will be livestreamed on Twitch. We expect this to take place on the weekend after the submission deadline, though this obviously depends on the volume of submissions.

Author: Unsure if use my own or osu!live.

> Once all the submissions have been evaluated, the answers will be livestreamed on Twitch. We expect this to take place on the weekend after the submission deadline, though this obviously depends on the volume of submissions.

Reviewer 2: we can announce that on twitter when it's decided anyway

> Once all the submissions have been evaluated, the answers will be livestreamed on Twitch. We expect this to take place on the weekend after the submission deadline, though this obviously depends on the volume of submissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the submissions have been evaluated, the answers will be livestreamed on Twitch — be sure to keep a close eye on the [@osugame Twitter](https://twitter.com/osugame) so you don't miss it! We expect this to take place on the weekend after the submission deadline, though this obviously depends on the volume of submissions.
```
